chore(docs): small documentation improvements (#1948)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/api-reference/provider.mdx

---
page_title: API Reference - CDKTF Provider Bindings
description: >-
  The CDKTF provider bindings are used to make your CDKTF application run with different Terraform providers
---

# Provider API Reference

> You can use Terraform CDK with [every](https://www.terraform.io/cdktf/concepts/providers) [Terraform Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers).
> To make the usage easier we pre-generate provider bindings for some providers, you can find them [in our GitHub namespace](https://github.com/topics/pre-built-provider).
> 
> While we host no documentation for the [constructs.dev does](https://constructs.dev/search?cdk=cdktf&sort=downloadsDesc&offset=0), you can use the language-switch on the top right to switch to your preferred language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A provider is a Terraform plugin that allows users to manage an external API. You can use CDK for Terraform (CDKTF) with every provider available on the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/providers). Refer to [Providers](/cdktf/concepts/providers) for details about how to import and use providers in your CDKTF application.

We offer several popular providers as pre-built packages to help reduce the time required to generate provider code bindings for your CDKTF application. These pre-build providers are available in the CDKTF [GitHub namespace](https://github.com/topics/pre-built-provider).

Documentation for CDKTF provider bindings is available on the [Construct Hub](https://constructs.dev/search?cdk=cdktf&sort=downloadsDesc&offset=0). 
```
